Jehovah has always given us the right tool at the right time to teach others.
And this new book is no exception.
How is this book organized?
Each lesson is divided into three parts.
How do you use it to conduct a Bible study?
You might encourage your student to read the first part of a lesson in advance and to
note the questions in bold and the key scriptures.
Begin each study by reading and discussing the first part together.
Next, consider together the dig deeper section.
Begin by reading the introductory statement, which explains what follows and take note
of the subheadings that outline the main points.
Read the scriptures.
Watch the provided videos together.
And then discuss how the scriptures and videos answer the related questions.
Discuss the artwork with the student.
Then follow with the questions found in the some people say section.
Then, read the summary and discuss the review questions.
Your student can enter the date the lesson was completed.
Each lesson provides a goal for the student.
And the explore section offers additional content that may be useful depending on your
student's needs and interests.
Yes, this tool is very different.
Why was it designed this way?
It's a lot like the teaching used in artheocratic schools.
It is very interactive.
On one hand, the lessons are written in such a way to really make the student think about
what he is learning.
This tool has the ability to involve the Bible student.
It shows them with video and then they have references they can look at.
But the way that it's designed involves them.
And it really is going to give them a good foundation.
On the other hand, the teacher can use the viewpoint questions to draw out how the
student really feels about what he's learning from God's Word.
This is the most thoroughly field-tested publication that we have ever produced from writing
the text to simplifying the text, polishing it, getting it ready.
It has been produced so that it can be translated into many languages so as to help people
everywhere.
Yes, this tool is very different.
What is it effective?
Hundreds of publishers in almost 100 lands tested the lessons.
What do they say about it?
I love the new layout.
It's current and it's intuitive.
And the way the Bible truths are presented, it's very logical and easy to understand.
I think it's going to be a game-tanger.
The dig deeper section is amazing.
It ensures that the teaching comes directly from the Bible.
Because this part of the study becomes a conversation, the students answer right from
their hearts, which allows me to learn a lot more about how they think and feel.
The new method really helps us to convince the mind and reach the heart.
Most of all, it helps both the teacher and the student to focus on the scriptures rather
than on the study.
We never heard anybody say the paragraph says.
Because when they did answer the question, they were expressing what they really believed.
The lessons are both logical and concise.
The method is highly interactive.
The students not only respond in their own words, but are also able to come to the correct
conclusions all by themselves.
It helps me as the teacher to talk less, and it helps the student to express himself
and to think.
And the videos are listed in the comment sometimes are even a personal nature that probably
never were to come out and not been for the videos.
The aim is to get an Ocehova, to love Jehova, to learn what his will is for us and to
do that will, and also to draw close to his organisation.
It has been a full-time service for over 50 years.
I conduct several Bible studies.
These lessons cannot be compared with others.
They are more effective and just what we need for our times.
It equips them to explain to others what they have learned.
And as a teacher, that fills me with so much joy that I am motivated to be zealous and
to find more new Bible studies.
We are so excited about this new approach to teaching Bible truths.
The main point stand out, the application is clear and it's easy to remember, and everybody
can benefit from it from those with little or no education to those who are highly educated.
Our students are going to love this new publication.
And we will, too, is this will make us better teachers of God's Word so as to make more
disciples before the end comes.
And how do members of the governing body feel about this innovative approach?
This book has the potential to draw many honest hearted ones into Jehovah's organisation,
to serve alongside us in pure worship and dedicate their lives to Jehovah.
Compared to all the Bible study tools we've used in the past, this is gold.
And that's what it's all about.
Helping that student build a close relationship with Jehovah and unquestionably, this new publication,
this marvelous gift from Jehovah will help us accomplish this worthy goal.
We recognize humbly that whatever tool we use, only Jehovah can make it grow.
So we're praying that Jehovah will grant success to this new tool to build and make disciples
of Christ.
We are not just preachers, we are teachers, we are disciples makers.
This new book gives us what we need to help others love Jehovah, follow Christ, get baptized,
and enjoy life forever.